README.md, before:

Bayesian parameter estimation for relativistic heavy-ion collisions
===================================================================


Links
-----

File format specification: [v1.0](https://www.evernote.com/l/ACWFCWrEcPxHPJ3_P0zUT74nuasCoL_DBmY)

File reader documentation: [link](https://www.evernote.com/l/ACXYRePvf2lNirII32b25Wg93rqD0kH1LSs)

[comment]: # (Previous documentation: http://hic-param-est.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ )

[comment]: # (-- Need to double check if everything up to date)



Introduction
------------

This is the package for statistical analysis


Installation
------------

1. Install python3, with packages `emcee` (<=2.2.1), `h5py`, `hic`, `numpy`, `PyYAML`, `scikit-learn` (>= 0.18), `scipy`, `pandas`, `pathlib`, `hsluv`, `matplotlib`.  Use pip to install them if needed

2. If you don't have R, download R from [here](https://cran.cnr.berkeley.edu/)

3. Open an R Console instance by opening the R app or by typing R in the command line.

4. In the R console, type the command `install.packages('lhs')` and pick an appropriate download mirror if prompted. To ensure the package was properly installed, type `library(lhs)` in the R console. If that command runs without error, the package is installed. Close the R console by typing `quit()`.

5. Clone this git repository

6. Open Terminal (OSX, Linux) or Windows Command Prompt (Windows).

7. Navigate to the downloaded/cloned git repository.

8. Type: `jupyter notebook`. This will open Jupyter iPython Notebook in a web browser.
In Jupyter, open `Example.ipynb`, and run the first cell. If it runs without error, then you should be properly set up for the program.

9. Execute all cells for an example of an analysis

Commit message:

Adding data and plotting scripts.

README.md, after:

# Bayesian Constraints on Pre-Equilibrium Jet Quenching and Predictions for Oxygen Collisions

This repository provides the data and plotting scripts associated with our paper:  
[**arXiv:2509.19430**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2509.19430)  

## Repository Structure

- **`data/`** – Numerical results with descriptive file names.  
- **`src/`** – Implementation of the **JETSCALE/STAT** framework, including the Gaussian Process (GP) emulator used to evaluate the quenching model across parameter space.  
- **`cache/`** – Stored GP emulator parameters.  
- **`plot_*.py`** – Plotting scripts to reproduce the main results from the paper.  
- **`figs/`** – Generated figures.  

## How to Use

1. Clone the repository:  
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/<repo-name>.git
   cd <repo-name>

# JETSCAPE/STAT package info
===================================================================

Links
-----
repository home: [JETSCAPE/STAT](https://github.com/JETSCAPE/STAT/tree/master)

File format specification: [v1.0](https://www.evernote.com/l/ACWFCWrEcPxHPJ3_P0zUT74nuasCoL_DBmY)

File reader documentation: [link](https://www.evernote.com/l/ACXYRePvf2lNirII32b25Wg93rqD0kH1LSs)

[comment]: # (Previous documentation: http://hic-param-est.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ )

[comment]: # (-- Need to double check if everything up to date)

Introduction
------------

This is the package for statistical analysis


Installation
------------

1. Install python3, with packages `emcee` (<=2.2.1), `h5py`, `hic`, `numpy`, `PyYAML`, `scikit-learn` (>= 0.18), `scipy`, `pandas`, `pathlib`, `hsluv`, `matplotlib`.  Use pip to install them if needed

2. If you don't have R, download R from [here](https://cran.cnr.berkeley.edu/)

3. Open an R Console instance by opening the R app or by typing R in the command line.

4. In the R console, type the command `install.packages('lhs')` and pick an appropriate download mirror if prompted. To ensure the package was properly installed, type `library(lhs)` in the R console. If that command runs without error, the package is installed. Close the R console by typing `quit()`.

5. Clone this git repository

6. Open Terminal (OSX, Linux) or Windows Command Prompt (Windows).

7. Navigate to the downloaded/cloned git repository.

8. Type: `jupyter notebook`. This will open Jupyter iPython Notebook in a web browser.
In Jupyter, open `Example.ipynb`, and run the first cell. If it runs without error, then you should be properly set up for the program.

9. Execute all cells for an example of an analysis
